there you have it the direct selling
industry and new ways are booming new
ways is nearing 800 million in annual
sales worldwide it is virtually unknown
in North America with new ways poised
for am be able growth you may be asking
yourself how can i benefit from this
near ground floor opportunity let's
simple neways goal for you is threefold
one increase your monthly income to
create income for retirement security
and three facilitate better health for
you and your family you simply need to
follow these four steps first join us if
you haven't done so already send us the
independent distributor application
available on the other side of this disc
or easier still simply go to ww acecomm
/ USA and click on join now you will
need the new ways ID number of the
person who gave you this disc second
make the switch by switching to new
waste products you're using the money
you currently spend on personal care and
nutritional supplements to buy premium
products and wholesale vs. retail from
your own virtual new waste or use them
make the switch form available on the
opposite side of this disc to guide you
place your order at new ways calm / USA
or use the fax purchase order form also
found on the other side of this disc
it's that simple and third encourage
others to join you the more you
encourage others to do what you just did
join and make the switch the more
successful you will become neways
compensation system is among the most
generous in the world which means that
your financial freedom is not far away
using the memory jogger form on the
opposite side of this disk you will
quickly see how many people in your life
could benefit from neways products and
business opportunities finally lead your
team neways handles the entire business
cycle from processing and distributing
every order to pain every commission
check all you do is encourage others to
make the switch and pursue financial
freedom with you it's as simple as
handing out the DVD you're now watching
using the website or
number of other tools available from new
ways and as you continue to lead your
ever-growing team the rewards will
exceed your expectations beyond the huge
financial rewards and new ways business
brings perhaps the most appealing is how
much more time you can spend at home
instead of going to an office in
fighting traffic you build your new ways
business from your own home office
giving you the time and flexibility your
family needs new ways can give you a
whole new lifestyle and a new source of
income that will last a lifetime and
beyond as a business owner you not only
control your own schedule and priorities
but you can also begin taking advantage
of specific tax benefits and with new
ways car and home office bonus will pay
you up to one thousand dollars a month
in addition to your commission earnings
to maintain your home office and even a
new luxury car whether you're looking to
earn a few hundred dollars a month or
join the ranks of our best leaders and
realize your financial dreams new ace
has a business opportunity to suit your
wants and needs you determine your level
of involvement if you choose to begin
quickly and fast-track your way to
wealth be sure to discuss new ways solid
start and productivity bonus programs
with the person who gave you this disc
now's the time to take control of your
future timing they say is everything and
there has never been a better time to
join new ways we are just now at the
beginning of our growth in North America
spurred by highly unique and effective
daily use consumer products that
everyone wants and needs and if that
wasn't enough we are the first to market
with a health beverage made from durian
the king of all fruit which is sure to
push new ways to 1 billion in annual
sales worldwide and create a wave of
growth in North America from which you
stand to benefit we've included a short
video about durian fusion on this disc
for you to view neways truly is the
business world's best kept secret
contact the person who gave you this
disc to get started right away on your
path to a better life